Add a README file (#5)
ESSS/pytest-update-test-results: README.md

# pytest-update-test-results

> Pytest plugin to update test results on a test report from previous run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pytest plugin to update test results on a test report from a previous run.
```

The primary purpose of this plugin is to avoid flaky tests to break a CI

> build by executing them again after a failed run. The plugin does not
> reruns tests by itself, but allow the user to leverage the pytest

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
build by executing them again after a failed run. The plugin does not
rerun tests by itself, but allow the user to leverage the pytest
```

> `--last-failed` option to execute failed tests in a separete run and

Reviewer 3: Typo `separete`

> `--last-failed` option to execute failed tests in a separete run and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`--last-failed` option to execute failed tests in a separate run and
```

provides `--update-xml` option so if previously failed tests
passes, the XML test report will be updated (and as result, your CI
would flag the test as successfull).

In summary, your CI script would have something like:

> ```bash

Reviewer: Nice!

#/bin/bash
pytest tests/my-test-suite --junix-xml pytest.xml

if [ $? -eq 2 ]  # pytest exit code for test failure
then
    # re-run failed test and update previous run report.

>     pytest tests/my-test-suite --last-faield --update-xml pytest.xml

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
    pytest tests/my-test-suite --last-failed --update-xml pytest.xml
```

fi
```

> ## Alternatives

Reviewer: I think this conveys better:

```suggestion
## Rationale
```

As you also explain the adopted solution and the reasons for doing so.

In our particular cases, most of the flakiness comes from using a
shared storage on our virtualized on-premise CI cluster, which made for
random file access times to varies in order of 10x-100x depending on

> the cluster loading. This do not affect small unit tests, but greatly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the cluster loading. This does not affect small unit tests, but greatly
```

affects execution time of integration and end-to-end tests, resulting
in flaky tests due timeout or race condition.

In this scenario, marking individual tests as flaky (using [flaky]) was

> like beatign a dead horse. Hence, we tried `--reruns` option from **pytest-rerunfailres** (which re-run all test failures), but that didn't

Reviewer: ```suggestion
like beating a dead horse. 

Next, we tried using [pytest-rerunfailures](pytest-rerunfailures) (which re-run all test failures), but that didn't
```

> work due the way **pytest-rerunfailres** [deal with session fixtures](1).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
work due the way it [deals with session fixtures](1).
```

> So we opted to develop this plugin to re-run tests in a separate pytest

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So we opted to develop this plugin to re-run just the failed tests from the previous run in a new pytest
```

> execution and update an existing XML report. Besides working just fine with session fixtures, re-running failed tests in a separate process has other advantages:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
execution and update the XML report. Besides working just fine with session fixtures, re-running failed tests in a separate process has other advantages:
```

1. By starting a separate process, we make sure no "test contamination"
occurs (memory leaks vanish, objects that live during the entire test
session are reset).

> 1. Since we heavily parallelize the test suite (using **pytest-xdist**),

Reviewer 3: Should be 2.?

Reviewer: It is good practice to always use 1, and let the Markdown renderer worry about numbering (makes it easier to reorder/add new sessions at any order later).

> 1. Since we heavily parallelize the test suite (using **pytest-xdist**),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Because we heavily parallelize the test suite (using **pytest-xdist**),
```

> some flaky tests can occur due high CPU/IO loading. In the re-run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
some flaky tests can occur due to high CPU/IO usage. In the re-run
```

we can reduce number of parallel processes to make more resources
available for each test.

[flaky]: https://github.com/box/flaky

> [pytest-rerunfailres]: https://github.com/pytest-dev/pytest-rerunfailures

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
[pytest-rerunfailures]: https://github.com/pytest-dev/pytest-rerunfailures
```
